we have
on the way
that's exactly the same third of the gas look
ok but remember one thing you
started to fight you went update
where
in no case if you translate
fight the other way by no means
not that this pressure does not subside
that is, all transitions are made as follows
way we pray more and more all
more to break with went y'know i'm all
time I press down then once passed I rode
all time long losing don't let go
alexey on the internet you read it
something said vegan meat is
times somehow well on exhibiting them not
affects turnover positively affects
establishment
why is it so objectively craved
protein is in doubt this is an axiom
animal and any will be so product
the breakdown of the protein that we do not know before
amino acids amino acids it's like one
part of the year is small and
depending on protein there 12 there america
10 8 different but always always
transport is urea ammonia
timol various toxic toxic gases
and food for not symbiote on microflora
that is, I say microflora which
cause from one we go to 150 seeds
looking for microflora yes here is to read coal
Basically I am talking and after waiting for academy
google x a90 translate years and prolific
power he and he studied permafrost we give
even tried it
let's say microflora as a separate
this is the enemies bring out two and a half she
should normally have seen but when we have
whom developed eyes had weighs
approximately how much a kilogram of the body
then synthesize the types of hormones
amino acid hormone is smart
chemical machine that allows us
be healthy and happy i'm such
for myself personally, I am a family, for example, scania
I just experimented constantly eating
one meat will begin to milk sat on
cocktails all that I just did not do
most effectively I began to speak
run and I say so there is
exercise merchants and
lunges today
that is, got up and with a barbell
brodilochka
the mercy of the guru of the moment that buzova so
what is ready here when you eat meat and gone
220 kilograms but I was added
amino acids creatine minerals because
that we really lacked energy
stopped eating meat and the guys eat j320
amino acid-free vitamins
nothing and generally just fed
salads are very easy I will throw in general
stomach hurts forgotten
at first I can scare a little tree
then stopped and what can do
boiled defense account
Well, you know well in the winter of course
have to
as a fool will come food that is, he
decorated holiday on through the question asked
well, summer, summer, guys, we actually
eat the planet sit down fresh fruit and
vegetables before being raw food yeah try
I just promote the exercise guys
if you try you might like it
I liked it together I believe that
there is this effect
pancakes from the side
at my home
I have a bunch of guys for four years 65
he is you up to 20 on
on the bench perhaps a spring there is also a
becoming like say yes say
meat is given and before recovery as
sports is medicine to meat more
look now let's explain objectively
probably at dawn compare this page
the food system of the predator herbivore and
we are more like us through
she grind you still on us and
Bags as if to burst once they are up
haircut what's all that we have different
climate
that is, we have a different stomach
herbivores he there start to hear
here
we usually own the stomach yes
so we are not herbivores and not fruit
so the carnivorous fetus
that's just that's very high
energy value of the product but i'm not
lost a single gram of that without which
without paying from which a lot of it is not
lose oil and you are slaves and there was a table
one
man you know as what you say
what about functionality and blouse 52
kilograms everything looks so scary
gasp for 40 seconds hook
cannot be placed in the same
a place where he is now less than seven
that passed that feeling when you are young
for probably make sense here
but
offend because there is no need to help parking
but with age the older you get
need the more and careful blew
treat those who consciously take
Well, you understand this choice.
to keep track of all these things
need to have a normal education or
very good coach
because health experiments
yasaka them it deals with offense
the most brilliant education
at random nothing but an effect on
caliper please use let's
lunch anyway we have